as night falls the situation turns into
a crisis
the Cubs head straight towards the
village
[Music]
this could be disastrous to the Cubs
dangerous for the people and jeopardize
everything flips worked so hard for so
much is at stake
yet flip even enlists help from a local
tourist launch I think you should drive
past us now and you go don't go to
village for us and you don't tell people
that device online giving me watching
them very carefully and tell them if
they come anywhere close to the village
no doctor just so that they know and see
that it's not just us sort of favoring
the Lions out there but they expense
college line this is flicking a tail and
what and just take it in of each other
the liens are just a quarter of a mile
from the village when flip decides to
intervene by broadcasting a lion roar he
hopes the Cubs will be distracted
okay just tell us when they leave
at first it's not clear whether his pan
is working it looks like they turning
around and coming back into the real
world just watching them carefully I
didn't to barely see them so I can't get
back to you in an out thankfully as the
Cubs turned back down the river and away
from the village
flip can relax even so he stays with
them until he's sure they're well out of
danger
[Music]